Add query timeout and cancel the request (#33)
spiceai/spicepy: README.md

from spicepy import Client

client = Client('API_KEY')

> data = client.query('SELECT * FROM eth.recent_blocks LIMIT 10;', timeout=10*60)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data = client.query('SELECT * FROM eth.recent_blocks LIMIT 10;', timeout=5*60)
```

print(client.w3.eth.get_block_number())
```

> User can manually set timeout in the function call. If no timeout is specified, the query will timeout after 15 mins by default and a TimeoutError exception will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom timeout can be set by passing the `timeout` parameter in the `query` function call. If no timeout is specified, it will default to a 10 min timeout then cancel the query, and a TimeoutError exception will be raised.
```
